
	When I first began to create this website, I had multiple thoughts on what I could make. Thats whats so great about Web Design, you can create so much and your creativity drives it. Some of my early thoughts were Liberty Tech School, A Gamestop, and actually all the Chinese and Japanese Resturants near me. I finally setled on Asahi Japanese Steakhouse becuase they had pretty great food, a nice look, and the others all had too much information to cover. The colors i mainly chose were shades of red and black, to match the style of their resteruant and blend in with the rest of the elements. The font was chosen for its looks in comparision to the stop cursive font, originally i was looking for a Japan/Chinese font but sadly most were for a payment to use. 

	I think the most difficuly part of makeing this website was with the positioning of each element, some things would go where i didn't want them to, and others would mess with the footer and other elements. In the end it came together moderatly well in my opinion, but I still feel like i could do better. Some of the pages i feel were rushed, for example the "Contact Info" page, I really did'nt think that one fully nor did i have enough time to correctly make it better, but it was better then how i did have it. 

	I really think that the "Map & Route" and "Menu & Takeout" pages have my greatest creativity, The google map reallly works and is able to be moved and i was able to put a PDF file in the website itself. It may seem really simple to experienced wb designers but for me, it was really something special that i was able to do. 
	
	I chose this for my website becuase its something that i personally like, and had a good amount of information for me to work with. Im not crazy of Japanese/Chinese resturants but i do appreciate their food and culture. When makeing the side scrolling menu, i was thinking of a advertizement of some sorts to show the types of foods available. 

	Morally, i enjoyed creating and makeing this website and Web design itself. It really feels like i could be doing this for a person or business as an entertaining and focused job. At points it may act up and not do exactly what i need, but if i keep learning and exelling then i can fine out more ways of fixing those problems and preventing them.